All right so this is the front of our CMS system the system that we will be build in by the way.
Right.
There is a lot of functionality here so I'm going to try to go as fast as I can without forgetting anything.
All right so I don't want to wish you time but this is you're going to enjoy this tour right here.
I'm going to give a little tour and you won't enjoy.
I'm pretty sure right here we'll build in some dynamic.
We will bring you some dynamic data on our database right here.
These are categories and we have a registration page for the users when they want to log in go back
to it.
We have our admin there but I'm not going there right now because I want to leave that for Surprise
surprise for you.
OK.
I think you don't like the administration area but here you can see that we have content.
Now they all look the same just because I don't want to you know spend all that time writing individual
polls for demonstration we're going to be doing that anyways.
So if I click on this is going to take me to a specific page and this page is different.
We see that we have more content here and we can actually write a comment.
Right.
So we can say hello from the computer.
Actually that would be this and this would be the computer guy and we can put this as e-mail.
This is just demonstration purposes only.
Right.
We can see that the message has been submitted and awaiting approval we have to approve it.
In the back.
Right.
And that message is going to be applied to this specific post right here.
Right let's go back to it.
So we see that.
And then another thing another cool feature is that every time you see that these polls right here they
all change.
Right.
So if I go back to the home page right here keep clicking on and they keep changing randomly.
That's a cool feature that I had in there.
I will show you how to do that.
If you want to do that but if you want to just keep your post in here in the front that we can do that
also.
All right.
So no that we have the title we have the name of the person that wrote this.
In this case was Guru.
Which is me.
The date the image song at surp contents meaning that we don't have the whole content here since it
would take too much space.
So we are truncating this.
And if you click read more and we take it to that page let's go back to it.
So we have all of them like this explain.
All right on the right hand side we have a search bar.
This is a search engine and I show you right now how it works.
Well you should know that since you use Google probably right click search and going to find all the
polls that are related.
These are clones by the way that's why they all have the same title there.
So he was able to find.
I don't think.
Let me see if I can find another one says javascript or something.
All right.
So he phones and Javascript pulls.
A lot of them as we have a lot of unknowns.
And then we have some we have the log in here.
I'm going to show you how that works in a minute.
But we can log in once we log out we can't log in again with I mean we can go in the administration
without logging in once we log out.
I'll show you that in a minute.
We have some categories that are being displayed dynamically for our database and you can see them.
You can see some of them here some more right here.
Recent polls of course we can limit how many recent polls we can put in here right now I have no limitations
so this is going to keep going all the way to the end if I don't put limitations here.
If I click on the title we're going to take me to that specific post again and I can write a comment
on it.
All right.
We have a restriction to show you that.
One other thing I want to show you if I click on right now you'll see right here it's going to.
We're going to have a link appear.
Click on it.
You see this edit that's to edit this specific post in the administration area and this is only for
logged in.
I mean history I mean is Schrader's.
This will not be displayed for regular users.
So let's go to the administration area.
As you can see here we have a really cool and really cool graph right.
So right here it says we have 16 polls one comment new users and five categories.
I want you to keep a very close attention to this numbers years here because we will change them.
We have some more details right here.
We have the same thing as polls right here 16 but we have seen giraffes meaning postings that are not
published yet to the public.
We have some pending users.
They're not granted access to our CMOS.
We have some pending comments and comments that need your approval.
All right.
So no that.
Now here we have him on the left side we have an obligation where we can navigate our ministry area.
Here we have just a button here that would take us to log out and the profile right and the profile
for this specific user and we show you that in a minute here this inbox is just a placeholder there.
All right so let's go to all polls.
All right so here we see this just delete some of this since these are all right let's just leave this
one to
that you can see how that works.
All right.
So here we can go ahead and clone this if we wanted to.
We also saw that we could believe that we can clone them make more content this clone this tool right
here.
So that way you can see
those cloning those specific Once you see that.
Right.
Right now we have it sending up to the newest polls.
Up first right here we can also view it view them like that we can edit them right here.
Now page and page again and right here we can go ahead and choose a different category publisher or
keeper and draft change or put some more keyword sports tags or numbers to change the image.
Let's put a different image on it and update it.
You can see the image change and we can view it or we can go back to it to added more polls.
Right.
We can also lead them right here individually.
All right.
We can delete the purple one.
We wanted to see that.
All right.
So now we're done with polls here and you could see that we can do everything in bulk we can add and
you one here would take us to adding a new post.
All right.
We can put the title here Polish category on the tax picture.
That's just through Joe's script to are we are already out of the picture and some content and then
we just click publish now and tell him the field is empty we also also want to show you how to
validate some of this.
All right so.
But anyway you get the idea.
All right so we were able to to still submit it but he was just telling us that that fuel was empty.
Right.
So let's just go ahead and overload a match to that.
Let's not leave in light of the polls.
There we go go back to it.
Now we have a picture there right now of course this can be extended to a lot more features.
This is just scratching the surface.
That way you can actually learned how to build a really powerful CMA system in no time.
So we will check polls let's check categories.
You see we can build different categories here and just for demonstration purposes category.
Two hundred and we can see right here.
We can edit it.
We can click on it and you can see it right pop up right here and we can just edit it like it's done
for.
And you can see it and you're right there.
You can also delete it.
All right.
And you can delete Imbolc right here.
Pretty cool right.
Comments.
We have some comments here we can do a lot of things with comments.
We can delete them won't approve or approve them in bulk.
We can approve them automatically individually right here on approve or delete them.
We can go to that specific pose that this comment was made to.
So this is on a pool right now let's approve it and let's go to the polls to see it in action.
So let's click on it.
That's going to take us to the polls where I come in is and that's you can see that coming is right
here right below that common form.
All right we have more polls more comments that will be down here also.
All right.
So let's go to the men.
As you can see the number that we are to pay attention to change from 16 to 18 now and we have two draft
polls.
I'm going to go right now and see that draw polls draft right here.
I'm going to change it to publish.
Let's go to a dash war and we don't have no draft boards right here anymore.
All right.
So these data here and we have imposed these data changes dynamically.
Everything we do on our CMS system I think is pretty cool and we can go here and click on it and we
can go directly to that section there.
You can go to all the polls right here.
All right.
We can build it we can build this to infinity.
I mean it's just the amount of time that you're willing to spend with it.
Right.
But know that you will know how to do this.
Now this is actually personalizing this administration area to that specific use.
As you can see personalizing to me to Guru and right here also.
So this is all dynamic data.
This is not data that I put in here.
We actually know this is data that is being dynamic inputted from the database.
He already knows my user name.
I logged in here so he already knows who I am and he's dynamically explained some of this.
All right.
So we already saw categories we already saw comments that we can go to specific post.
There's going check on users.
Here we have a lot of options that we can use for users.
We even have an option of cloning some of the users if we wanted to clone them and we can make some
more users you see that.
Right.
And that feature I actually made it for myself so that way I don't have to keep writing content.
Right but I'm going to show you how to build that too.
We can delete some of this too.
So I can delete some of these guys here.
I don't want to delete any guru since I'm one of them.
By the way.
But anyway that just leads to and click on it.
They delete it.
You see that working actually.
Some of these are proof I pulled them here or in this pooled or whatever we want to do with them.
All right.
It's just a matter of preference.
They already approved so there's not going to go anywhere.
But if you deny them you can see that change right there change.
All right.
And we can edit them would click on it and you can edit them and you can change whatever information
you want.
In this case I got this guy here.
But we know that as me.
So I'm just going to update that and update it and you can see that picture changed to my picture and
your users.
All right.
So we can add any user right here so we can overload another picture here
and we can say this.
I can.
Oh I had another one.
That doesn't make it the third actually.
Let's see Ruthven's
right here at CES.
Granted.
And let's just call this guy Robby No.
I don't know where I get them.
That last name from.
But it's we're right.
All right.
And it's just this and this random password submit this view the user and we can see that we have there
will be here with a picture of that first name.
All of that great stuff in here.
All right.
Perfect.
And we go to a dashboard we can see that we have more users now seven users.
All right.
So what else.
Profile.
Now this profile when you click on it you know automatically the text a user.
So the text in this is me actually this is the user that I'm going to be using to log in.
So I'm going to actually overload a new picture to the user which is me by the way I'm going to submit
it and you can see that it changed.
You can style this however you want if you are a web designer and know your stuff.
You can design this.
Keep in mind that this is responsive.
It's pretty cool because people from mobile devices can can serve this application.
All right.
So I think we are done with this.
Now the last thing to show you I believe is the last thing I might be missing a couple of features there
and I'm not going into details with all the features in the back since I'm going to I'm going to be
teaching you that in the lectures.
But you just know that there is a lot of things going on in the back.
OK.
So I'm just going to logo.
Going to take me to the home page.
And now if I click on that man you'll see that I can't log in anymore.
I mean I can access admin so I'm going to log in actually and say go through this my password for that's
my user name.
And then when I click submit and that's going to log me into that ministration area.
All right.
So if I make another user for example let's just go and let's just Bovino and then I'm just going to
give a password three digits will be no and this logo can log in again.
This is the registration area for new users if they want to register when they register they are going
to be approved or denied.
And we have to approve them manually by the way.
So I'm going to go to admin but I can't right now so I'm going to log in where there will be no user
will be no.
And then this more powers were submit.
And as you can see here this is personalized to me to that specific user.
Now we can personalize a lot more and give these user just a pause that he has read thing or the comments
that he has written sends this user right now his administration rights.
He's able to see everything that's going on on the sea a mess.
All right.
So anyway that's we can go you know for months designing this stuff here.
But I want to show you the most important information source possible so we're not going to go be going
into details about that in this one in this section here right now but we will be covering everything
that you see here and probably more.
All right.
So I'm just going to go because I don't like the Rubino user.
But anyway I think you've seen enough with the CMOS system and I'm pretty sure that you are excited
and hopefully you are able to.
You know I know this is now very easy for newcomers but I mean if you take in and if you are here you've
probably taken some of lectures free before and you know that I make it really easy for you guys to
follow.
So if you need any help I'm here 24/7 to help you out.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this and allowing me to teach you this course.